Update create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md (#5328)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md

The majority of calls are received via one of the methods listed above. If a call is received via another method (such as a VoIP call from a Skype for Business client), the call will still be added to the call queue, however, it won't benefit from the faster connection time.

> [!NOTE]

> > Busy on Busy is not supported with confernece mode.  Agents on non-call queue calls may still be presented with a call queue call if presence-based routing is not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Busy on Busy is not supported by conference mode. Agents on non-call queue calls may still be presented with a call queue call if presence-based routing is not enabled.
```
